 You're watching shop.diga, brought to you by SafariCon Business. Shop smart and safe, big from the comfort of your home. Welcome to another episode of your favourite shopping show, shop.diga. My name is Yolanda Muloa and I know new hair, who this, new set, who this? I brought you the glow up as a business person that you have been yearning for. Now, think, growing, think and to end business solutions, think safety, think comfort, think, no care in the world. What am I talking about? First things first, we have two amazing bad days or anniversaries we're celebrating. This show is now for the next couple of months sponsored by SafariCon Business to help the local business community level up. Now, SafariCon is celebrating their 25th birthday. Hello, SafariCon, happy birthday to you. And PESA is finally legal turning the big one eight. So some corner, Kura, Mneza and the Out, Bila, Koma permission. And I absolutely love the fact that we're going to be having all these vendors or many of them that they have within their business networks to come here and we can grow and glow together. Now, I'll tell you a little about shop.diga. Shop.diga is an e-commerce platform, think, tell a shopping and think also e-commerce. So you can scan the QR code at the bottom of the screen. You can shop right now for anything that you will see here on the set. And standard Kura will make sure they deliver it anywhere across this country within 48 hours and that is a promise. Now, let's talk solar lighting. We have some lemon iced tea. It's called Kapa. Is she Australian? Is she Kenyan? You have to stick around to find out. And have you ever had of FDK? Is the new electronic gadget plug that you didn't even know you needed? And it's very Kenyan. So let me invite my first vendor and he's going to tell us about solar lighting, solar solutions and green energy. And he also doubles up as the Nyama Kima Business Association Shai Man. Who is this? The Macher Man. He has a mango shai man. Come here, Mr. Dambani. Thank you very much. You're welcome. Thank you. I'm very excited. I thought you were going to bring for me cake, but I forgive you. I'm watching my wisdom. We can look at the, you can take ice tea. I like it. This is going to be my next go host. So let's talk about solar lighting. First, let's talk about, is this what you deal with at Dambani solar? Yes, this is what we deal with. We are solar company. That is now almost 10 years. And we've been doing all of these solar lighting, solar backup systems, solar water heating systems, anything solar, including solar touches. How long have you been in business for? We've been for around nine and a half years. 10, 10, busier. So it's also your birthday. Yes. What's the faricom solutions? The faricom business solutions? Have you been enjoying and for how long? We basically, the faricom is part of our life. And I want to thank faricom and safari com growth for giving us this opportunity. We've had many other opportunities. Many other showcasing our products. Yes. And Peter, Yamo, thank you very much. He has been there. We have Damaris who has been supporting us. And we have Gashero, all those people. Yes. Thank you very much for them. Yes. Because we have worked a mile with them. So basically, safari com has been good to us. We have a Pesa. We have the Pebili, the Pocchila Biaxera. Yes. And basically, since Pocchila Biaxera has been used everywhere right now. Very true. It's also a loan to that. That is Tasi loan. So basically, safari com is looking at our businesses in a very good way. And we are part of safari com and safari com is part of our businesses. There is no way you can separate us from safari com. I absolutely love it. And any messages to the back of the babies, our partners? Yeah, I want to congratulate them for the 25 years of our com, 18 years for Pesa. I was there when we were celebrating the Tasi loan, you know, towards the abardee. And happy abardee, safari com and to everyone else who is celebrating the abardee today. Your favorite, favorite, favorite. Yani Ilo Kifikiriyama Rekwan, that without this solution, because they are very many safari com business solutions. First of all, I want to thank you for coming here. I want to thank you for coming here. First of all, it's Pesa. I want to thank you for the convenience. Yeah, this is how we get our payments. We use our Pocchila, we use our TIL numbers, we use our pay bills. It's true Pesa. So Pesa, if we never had the Pesa, then life would be difficult. Thank you very much. I want to thank you for coming here. Thank you very much. We do everything. We import, we wholesale, we install. So Pesa, we do it at business. Tell us where you're located. We are located in Yamakima and near Sibacoge stage on Livalin. So Pesa, when you come there, we'll find Damani Solar and Electrical. To say much, you're Damani. Yes. I love it. Thank you. Thank you so much. To another 18 and beyond. Thank you. Thank you, thank you, all of that. So we have JD and we have Kentry. Those are products. If you find them in the market, just know they are Damani Solar product. Many people have seen, they've started to do that that you can't be. On the grid, maybe 30% of your energy and then the rest 70, you can. We call them backup systems. So when the power is soft, it picks up. Do you see Samoazimistima? Yes, yes. I love it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much, Damani. And we can't wait to have you back. We have unboded him on shop.dega. So if you want to buy any of his solar lighting or any of his solar solutions, you can scan the QR code or visit shop.dega.co.uk. Remember, we don't have a WWW prefix in our URL. It's just shop.dega.co.uk. Go and look at all these products and he'll make sure that they get to you within 48 hours, courtesy of Standard Korea. Thank you so much, Sam. You're more welcome, you're land. Okay. Have a fantastic, fantastic day. Thank you. And up next, I'm going to invite Grace Kiyogora from Swebco agencies. And she's going to come and tell us about this very Australian sounding lemon iced tea. Grace. Oh, it looks so lovely. Thank you. Hi, Yolanda. How are you? Very well. Thank you. Karibusana. Assigned to shop.dega. Assigned to sana. Now we can take this Kenya too. We can take this tea to the rest of Kenya. We have a Korea service. So here ita Bondeca e-box. Apanah. Standard Korea. Ita Fika. Lodua. Moeyaletana. Riva. Nice. Just think every corner of this country within 48 hours. Okay. And that's a promise. Thank you. So tell us a little about Swebco. Swebco is a Swebco general agency's limited. Yes. It's a trading company that was founded in 1996. Wow. Doing different kinds of business. Until about 10 years ago, the founder had a vision of doing food. So that is how she pursued this Cooper lemon iced tea. Yes. So we pursued this dealership for the last 10 years until last year when she got now the dealership to do lemon iced tea in Eastern Central Africa. So we are the sole distributors of Cooper lemon iced tea. Yes. Eastern Central Africa. And I love you've been saying shi shi shi. Yes. We love creating businesses, women own businesses. Yes. This is very beautiful. So this is a cold brew. This is no Cooper lemon iced tea can be taken hot or cold. Yes. So anytime any season kind of a drink. Yes. Yes. So let's talk what else do you plan on adding onto the Cooper tea family? Yes. Is this the only flavor you have? Are you going to have another one? Maybe a different flavor? And then we start talking about business. Not a cut to discuss a faricom business solutions. All right. So for now, we are currently doing their one flavor, their lemon iced tea. Yes. But we are looking at getting the different flavors. We'll have the strawberry, we'll have the chocolate caramel, we have the coffees. So all that is in the pipeline. But for now, our main focus is on the Cooper being a new product in the market and being an all season, all everybody, the kids, the youth, the families. And let's be honest, we are a tea drink nation. Exactly. You think canyons you think. And then we're boiling tamoces and tamoces of tea when the prayer group would come to visit my mother. Because you only need to take your Cooper lemon iced tea. Yes. It's in powder form. Yes. It contains the lemon, the black tea, and sugar, everything. Oh really? All black and tea. Yes. Yes. Yes. Johi powder, una fungua to put it in your cup. Yeah. If it's hot, put it in your hot water. Yes. If you want to take it cold, put it in your glass of water, add some ice cubes and you're good to go. Fast and convenient like a faricom business solution. Exactly. Now let's talk shop. Let's talk about some of the solutions they have within the faricom business for businesses like yourself. You said you started in 2000 and for this we've started last year. Last year. But we've been in other businesses, electricals and all that. How long have you been under the faricom business stable? Since since the 90s. Wow. So let's talk about how convenience, how it has helped your company grow and your favorite product from SafariCom. Our favorite product is Empeza. Yes. We have really, it has really helped us the convenience, the potila via Shara, the pay bill. You know right now everything is instant. So name it Empeza and our customers are very happy and we're also very grateful to SafariCom for that avenue. We've seen our business grow. We've seen our customers happy and we are really excited to celebrate with them on their 25th anniversary. I love it. An Empeza at 18. Have you gone to any of their grown as SafariCom business workshops? We have. Yes. But not really engaged. Yes. But now we are looking for what they have. Yes. Yes. Absolutely fantastic. Anyone who's looking to start at at Abadwajapata Futini, okay, the way you started with electronics before you landed. Yes. You know you're calling from, you know, the greater places on this planet. Yes. Before you got here, what can you tell a woman who's trying to get into the business space? How can you encourage them? Oh, business is just your attitude. If you have the passion, if you have the vision, you can make it. And right now, actually, we have an opportunity at SAP Code General Agencies with our Kupa Lemon IST. Yes. We are looking for people who can contact us to being distributors and all that. So the business opportunities are there. You're all there looking for an opportunity. You have one right here with us. Yes. What is your favorite business solution within the SafariCom business? umbrella. Oh, now there's there's now you can get instant loans. Yes. The more you transact, at the limit, you don't even have to go and queue. Standing line, it's just almost instant. You are a till. Yes. Junajua Palekuna. Bia Sharalun. Yes. Instant. So that is our favorite. I love it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Tell us where we can find you. All right. Yes. We are located at Yamakema, the Roma Road. Yes. And we are also on social media. You can find us on our FB pages. Kupa Lemon T. We are on TikTok at Kupa. We are on Instagram. Kupa Lemon T. We are also on Facebook. No, sorry. We are also on Instagram. Instagram. Yes. Kupa Lemon T. And you can also go to our website www.swepogeneralagencies.com. Thank you so much. Grace. Thank you. Have a fantastic weekend and I will make sure to share that to many part here. Finally. My full crew. Yes. Okay. Thank you so much. So I could be introducing you to the next beats by Dre Founder. The acronym is FDK. His name is Mr. Givere and he's going to come and talk gadgets and gizmos that are Kenyan owned. And I'm also going to be inviting Mr. Peter Oiyamo from SafariCom to come and tell us about the solutions to grow your business courtesy of SafariCom and you know there's the Empressor Sokondi Festival. It could be coming to a 16 year you so he's going to be telling us about the dates to mark and so much more. See you in a few. You're watching shop.diga. Brought to you by SafariCom Business. Hello. My name is Dennis Tol Aseto. Today we celebrate the guidance, the love and the kindness of all the fathers across the nation including my very own Enok Tol Aseto Dad. Happy Father's Day. I just want to tell all our fathers out there and give you a heartfelt message to every father who leads with love to every father who teaches with patience and sacrifices with pride. Happy Father's Day to you. We love you. We adore you. We appreciate you. Dial Star Fight for 4 Hash and visit my Airtel app. Airtel Smarter Bundle. Browse chat. Core Airtel Money. Airtel. A Reason to Imagine. Mr. Ojoe's Killing. Max it another chapter in our dark and hooded history of extra additional killings. Thank you. You're watching shop.diga, brought to you by SafariCon Business. Convenient shopping from the comfort of your home, welcome to shop.diga. Today is a big day because I have these amazing vendors here on set. Most of them you're going to notice are the business community within the Yamakima market, where we get very many MSMEs and SMEs. You can find everything from electronics to solar solutions to lemon iced tea. Would you believe it? I'm going to introduce you to Mr. Giver. We're going to be talking about gadgets and gizmos. You know how we love tech treasures. Mr. Giver. Lemonade, brand FDK. How are you? I think. The next bit's by Drey. Yes. Good morning to you. Good morning to you. Yes. How are you, sir? I'm good. Welcome to shop.diga. Thank you. This is our e-commerce platform. Yes. Whatever we're going to show our viewers at home, they can shop right now. Come and make a city room. True. And when you're a kid, you can buy a bunch of things. Yes. And you can buy a few things. So we're going to talk about your electronics. But let me remind them where the shop is. Scan the QR code at the bottom of the screen. Start shopping and ordering for any item that you love, that you see on the show today. And we'll make sure to get it to you. Cut to see your standard career within 48 hours anywhere in Kenya. Kamoko, you've got to start discussing. Yeah. Palin in my attend. Thank you so much, Mr. Giver. You're welcome. Tell me about your business. First of all, I love your logo. Oh, thank you. Yeah. Well, in a soundfederol, the butt man of Kenya. Tell me what's that. It is a fiddicent Kenya limited. Yes, it is. Kenya. Well, we started it very much ago, about 10 years ago. 10 years. We're doing other business. We evolved. We came now to mobile accessories. And that is very, yeah. I love it. I love it. I love it. So tell me about some of the things that you sell in your store. Do you have the one store in Yamakima? Or in a truck, Fungua, Branshingin? And I just say, isn't that a particular kind of a lekoa safari company? So you're going to sell your solutions, but to Kenya. Yeah. Yes. Tell me some of the things that you sell. Well, we at FDK, our fits and Kenya, we deal with mobile accessories. Yes. Many, we have cables. We can see them here. We have chargers. Yes. We have the earphones. We have the neck pads. We have the headphones. We have power bank. International adapter. Yes. Any country you go. It has all the pins. We have them. We have a good quality cable. Yes. And we have these vlogging kits for the tiktok and those things. Oh, yes, yes. Yes. And we also have quality chargers. We have Bluetooth speakers. And we have tablet. We have a phone start. We have quality adapters. So many. We have everything called mobile accessories. We even have carchagas. Wow. A good quality. A huge array of products. Yes. Tell me what business has been like for the past 10 years using the SafariCon business solutions. So no, just a man in the middle of the Trumpian gas. He's not changed. 1968 to full price. So is it a commercial in Baguania? Yeah. Too much to pay. Exactly. In the airport, he's not going to be a shower. Tell me how the face of business in our country not just for you has changed powered by the SafariCon business solutions and investors and whatnot. Well, number one, we have an investor. We have the pay bills. We have the till numbers. You can even transact. You can give the positive money from directive to an investor. You account. It's very serious. Oh, you know, you have a person. The least has been introduced even almost to zero. And no, good people get that anymore because the money is in your phone. You got them in your investor. Number two, the convenience of paying their connectivity is all over the country. Even outside the country, you can even be able to pay where the investor. Very true. Yes. Empezza has made sure that our country has become a very small T Cup. Very small. Yes, and very convenient. So some of that your favorite business solutions within the SafariCon business, umbrella, oh, napen. Nino, no, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Good. Being a business person number one, Beisha. Beisha. So that is where you are, I can be a person. Number two, the connectivity of the internet, the internet, the internet is paramount. Yes. No congestion, no hanging, it is paramount, excellent. Because nowadays, the business is online. So without the SafariCon internet, you are out of business completely. Yes. So tell our business, tell our business person who's watching this show that SafariCon business solutions do not just end with empec. My mom has a shop, let me tell you, at Westlands Market, Akona CC TV Parley, it's connected to the internet, internet, internet, SafariCon. So it's way beyond even that transaction, you are going to pay. Yes, yes, yes. I love for something else, somebody who's looking to bring all these things, do you go to China yourself? Yes, we bring our goods branded. We bring your goods branded. Yes. Hi, you see this, serial business man, I love it. So Gidere, now you're not afraid to expand, maybe open another branch elsewhere, because they will tell me about the new solutions SafariCon have. You know, now the new solutions is that we can be able to, the customers can order goods from the convenience of the shop. Yes. They'll call us, they'll send the money through empec. We will send their goods directly to the shop. Then they will call us to confirm we have delivered. It's so powered by SafariCon. So without SafariCon, I don't think you're doing it business. Digital way is the way to go. Don't fear the retro money that you have used that money to make your future better. You can even go to empec. Fuliza. Fuliza that money and that can be your capital to start that business. When you think about business as a young person, think about digital. That is where the world is going. And at FDK, we can be able to sell you a wholesale price so that you can be able to make its meat and now and the future. And number two, we are looking for our dealers. You can be one of our dealers. You can call us 0702, 62, 84, 48. And you will be able to plan you, you'll be able to organize you and make you our dealer of FDK products. I love it. The Kenyan Beats by Dr. Dr. Dr. Wapalanyam Akima. Thank you so much, Mr. Gidear. Enjoy your weekend and remember what one one will remember. Now what to me and Nash, stand at the courier. Thank you very much. Anywhere in this country. Yes. Thank you so much. I'm going to be inviting Mr. Pita Ayama from Safari Con business to come and just tell us about what to expect within the next couple of weeks because this is going to be running for three months on the show and country wide. There's the Empessa Sokoni Festival. You've had Fuliza for business. You've had so many things. You probably don't fully understand. So it's going to come and help us fully understand how you can grow your business, courtesy of Safari Con business. So I'm joined on stage by Mr. Pita Ayama, the SME sales lead Safari Con business and Pita Karibu sana to shop.dega. Yes, very much. Briefly, if you may, please speak into the growth Safari Con business platform. So growth Safari Con business platform is a platform that we created in March 2024. Yes. The objective of that platform was to empower a small micro and even medium businesses to accelerate their growth, empower them to digitize, empower them to build their brand, empower them to continue enhancing their digital marketing skills, empower them to overcome regulatory barriers that will affect businesses, especially when they're starting up, when they're starting to form and grow their businesses. So that's how that idea was born. And so far, it has really helped us in working with some of our customers and given us that satisfaction that as we grow, we are growing with our customers. Yeah, now that you've told us about that, please, you cannot learn some of the milestones, don't feel like you're bragging, just tell us. Some of the things that you have covered with the Grow with Safari Con business platform since inception in 2024. So since inception in 2024, March, we've done quite a bit. And then we started, first of all, we do it through workshops, seminars and even exhibitions. I had a vendor saying they've come for some of your forums before. Yes, indeed. So that's how we reached out to customers. So in those workshops where we bring in customers, we've had the opportunity of doing it all around the year. We've gone to all the regions. As at now, we've done all the regions in Kenya. Yes. We've been able to also give customers that opportunity to understand some of our solutions and how it can fuel their business growth. Starting with payments, which has been a very basic solution. When you start your business as a business person, the one thing you're looking out for is can I have access to credit, can I collect money on for my business, can I have visibility of my business, and can I get access to our markets. So as you do those, then we are able to empower the businesses towards solutions. Connectivity being at the COVID, where you just probably need your voice solution. You need your internet in your office. You need your Alipana Impessa that you can easily get from us. So you're speaking to the Impessa business app and how have you as a growth with Safari on Business empowered MSMEs to grow? So Impessa business app is more or less like a digital POS. It enables our vendors to go in, get their sales, manage their sales from there, do their transactions, monitor their transactions. So it even gives you capability to monitor your business growth. Because you can see the inflows and outflows. So it's basically an entry level tool that you need to have as a business person. The moment you start collecting payments, then you really need it. You can get it, download it from our Play Store. The Play Store you will get it easily there or up store. But you can also take the root of the USS D. Yes, that's not what I mean. Yes. So for Alipana Impessa, you can take the root of Star 2, 3, 4 Harsh. Yes. For other solutions like the Tamelons. Yes. You can go through Star 3, 3, 4 Harsh. And you're able to then get the Tamelons that we have in the market. I want to speak a little bit more about the products. Yes, please. So the customer is talking about how Impessa has been transformative with their business and has been pivotal. So Impessa started a payment solution for most of our customers. However, it has quickly grown and gone beyond payments. So now we are doing credit, we are doing investments, inshuorans, credit overdraft. It actually sits under credits. So within the pochi, there is a Tasi pochi which enables you as a vendor to get a Tamelon. Yes. Up to 14 days or 30 days. And therefore, enables you to run your business. Take care of those shocks that may come in through the business. If you have your till, you still have the Tasi till that gives you capability to also get to your Tamelon and you can also do full izabya shara. Yes. Right? Over and above the credit, there is the investment solution, which is the ZD, the money market fund. Which you can also get by dialing that start 334 hash. And I think it's option five. And quickly, you're able to invest the money that you're collecting. Now you can even transfer money straight from your pochi wallet to the ZD investment fund and watch your money grow. The good thing is it offers you so much visibility and ease of use. So you can see how your money grows on a daily basis. You can withdraw at any time. If you are a business person who does a lot of digital marketing, then you can go in and get your data heavy solution. The beauty of it is that it enables you to carry along your employees. So you can actually put in your employees in the same wallet and they consume from the same wallet. Yes. And you get a single bill for it. So it enables you to support your customers. Finally, you can digitize your business by just getting a business domain. Remember, we spoke about digitizing your business is as simple as just starting with a domain. Because it will help you get to the website. It will help you get to your e-commerce platforms. Yes. So you can actually also get your business domain and start running your show. So basically, that's how we've been supporting our customers. And we're looking forward really to use the campaigns to drive that awareness within our customer ecosystem and carry our customers along. So next week Friday, we shall be in Nairobi. Yes. And then, in the company campaign, we shall be doing our grow in a session in Nairobi. So feel free, join us. And you shall have many other sessions for all the other regions, having closed the one in cost just the other day. Oh, thank you so much, Peter. This is simply remarkable. I can't wait for next week Friday. Of course, shop.degar is going to be live on location bringing you all the action. So you can catch the show from 6.30 pm on Saturday. So we can talk about growing your business powered by SafariCon business. And of course, we're going to have more SafariCon representation coming to talk to us about these amazing and timely solutions. Because I feel like business is the heart of any country. And our issue is right now in the Bechah, like Mr. Giver said. Correct. We have ease in transacting. Thank you so much. And that's it from us. Here from our studios. Can't wait to catch you on the road or on set with SafariCon business. Shop.degar brought to you by SafariCon business.